README.md, before:

# Flask DevOps Toolkit

A web app built with Flask, providing tools and features for automating DevOps practices, including CI/CD integration and AWS deployment management.

## Installation Instructions

1. Clone the repository
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/flask-devops-toolkit.git
   cd flask-devops-toolkit
   ```

2. Install the required dependencies :
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Usage

To run the application, use the following command :
```bash
flask run
```
Make sure to set the `FLASK_APP` environment variable to the main application file if necessary.

## Features

- CI/CD integration for automated deployments.
- AWS deployment management tools.
- User-friendly interface for managing DevOps tasks.

## Project Structure

- `templates/`: Contains HTML templates for rendering views.
- `static/`: Contains static files such as CSS and images.
- `routes.py`: Defines the application routes.
- `test.py`: Contains tests for the application.
- `Dockerfile`: Instructions for building a Docker image for the application.

## Other Projects

### Jenkins Pipeline Projects
All Jenkins pipeline scripts have been consolidated into the `Pipelines` folder, which contains the following subfolders:

1. **Freestyle Pipeline**
   - Located in the [`Pipelines/Freestyle_pipeline/`](./Pipelines/Freestyle_pipeline/) folder.
   - This project is designed to streamline CI/CD workflows using Jenkins Jobs.

2. **Multi-Stage Dockerfile**
   - Located in the [`Pipelines/Multi-Stage_Dockerfile/`](./Pipelines/Multi-Stage_Dockerfile/) folder.
   - This project contains a Jenkins pipeline configuration for automating the build and deployment of a Flask application using a multi-stage Dockerfile.

3. **Test Jenkins Through Docker Agent**
   - Located in the [`Pipelines/Test_Jenkinsfile/`](./Pipelines/Test_Jenkinsfile/) folder.
   - This project focuses on testing Jenkins using a Docker agent for a flexible and isolated environment to run your CI/CD pipelines.

## GitHub Workflows

This project includes GitHub Actions workflows for Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) located in the `.github/workflows` directory. For detailed descriptions of each workflow, please refer to the [README file in the workflows directory](./.github/workflows/README.md).

## SonarQube

SonarQube is a platform for continuous inspection of code quality, performing automatic static analysis to detect bugs, code smells, and security vulnerabilities. This project includes a Docker Compose setup to run SonarQube locally, detailed in the [SonarQube Docker Compose README](./sonarqube/Readme.md).

Additionally, a GitHub Actions workflow is configured to run SonarQube scans on pushes to the main branch. The workflow is defined in the [SonarQube GitHub workflow file](./.github/workflows/sonarqube.yml) and uses secrets for authentication and configuration.

Integrating SonarQube into your development and CI/CD processes helps maintain high code quality and early detection of issues.

Commit message:

Add custom Jenkins agent images and update README with usage instructions

README.md, after:

# Flask DevOps Toolkit

A web app built with Flask, providing tools and features for automating DevOps practices, including CI/CD integration and AWS deployment management.

## Installation Instructions

1. Clone the repository
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/flask-devops-toolkit.git
   cd flask-devops-toolkit
   ```

2. Install the required dependencies :
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Usage

To run the application, use the following command :
```bash
flask run
```
Make sure to set the `FLASK_APP` environment variable to the main application file if necessary.

## Features

- CI/CD integration for automated deployments.
- AWS deployment management tools.
- User-friendly interface for managing DevOps tasks.

## Project Structure

- `templates/`: Contains HTML templates for rendering views.
- `static/`: Contains static files such as CSS and images.
- `routes.py`: Defines the application routes.
- `test.py`: Contains tests for the application.
- `Dockerfile`: Instructions for building a Docker image for the application.

## Other Projects

### Jenkins Pipeline Projects
All Jenkins pipeline scripts have been consolidated into the `Pipelines` folder, which contains the following subfolders:

1. **Freestyle Pipeline**
   - Located in the [`Pipelines/Freestyle_pipeline/`](./Pipelines/Freestyle_pipeline/) folder.
   - This project is designed to streamline CI/CD workflows using Jenkins Jobs.

2. **Multi-Stage Dockerfile**
   - Located in the [`Pipelines/Multi-Stage_Dockerfile/`](./Pipelines/Multi-Stage_Dockerfile/) folder.
   - This project contains a Jenkins pipeline configuration for automating the build and deployment of a Flask application using a multi-stage Dockerfile.

3. **Test Jenkins Through Docker Agent**
   - Located in the [`Pipelines/Test_Jenkinsfile/`](./Pipelines/Test_Jenkinsfile/) folder.
   - This project focuses on testing Jenkins using a Docker agent for a flexible and isolated environment to run your CI/CD pipelines.

4. **Custom Jenkins Agent Images**
   - Located in the [`Jenkins/Custom_Jenkins_Agent/`](./Jenkins/Custom_Jenkins_Agent/) folder.
   - This directory contains custom Dockerfiles and documentation for building specialized Jenkins agent images, such as Amazon Linux and insecure SSH agents, which can be used to extend Jenkins pipeline capabilities for specific environments or security requirements.

## GitHub Workflows

This project includes GitHub Actions workflows for Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) located in the `.github/workflows` directory. For detailed descriptions of each workflow, please refer to the [README file in the workflows directory](./.github/workflows/README.md).

## SonarQube

SonarQube is a platform for continuous inspection of code quality, performing automatic static analysis to detect bugs, code smells, and security vulnerabilities. This project includes a Docker Compose setup to run SonarQube locally, detailed in the [SonarQube Docker Compose README](./sonarqube/Readme.md).

Additionally, a GitHub Actions workflow is configured to run SonarQube scans on pushes to the main branch. The workflow is defined in the [SonarQube GitHub workflow file](./.github/workflows/sonarqube.yml) and uses secrets for authentication and configuration.

Integrating SonarQube into your development and CI/CD processes helps maintain high code quality and early detection of issues.
